Add Business Logic Abuse to ASM docs (#17244)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/threats/custom_rules.md

## Overview

Application Security Management (ASM) comes with a set of [out-of-the-box detection rules][1] which aim to catch attack attempts, vulnerabilities found by attacker, and business logic abuse that impact your production systems.

However, there are situations where you may want to customize a rule based on your environment or workload. For example, you may want to customize a detection rule that detects users performing sensitive actions from a geolocation where your business doesn’t operate.

Another example is customizing a rule to exclude an internal security scanner. ASM detects its activity as expected. However, you may not want to be notified of its regularly occurring scan.

In these situations, a custom detection rule can be created to exclude such events. This guide shows you how to create a custom detection rule for ASM.

## Business logic abuse detection rule

> ASM offers out of the box rules to detect business logic abuse (Reset password brute forcing for example). Those rules require [adding business logic information to traces][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASM offers out of the box rules to detect business logic abuse (for example, resetting a password through brute force). Those rules require [adding business logic information to traces][7].
```

> You can filter the rules, and identify which business logic to start tracking. Additionally, these rules can be used as a blueprint to create your own rules based on your own business logic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter the rules, and identify which business logic to start tracking. Additionally, you can use these rules as a blueprint to create custom rules based on your own business logic. 
```

See the section below to see how to configure your rules.

## Configuration

To customize an OOTB detection rule, you must first clone an existing rule. Navigate to your [Detection Rules][2] and select a rule. Scroll to the bottom of the rule and click the Clone Rule button. This now enables you to edit the existing rule.

### Define an ASM query

Construct an ASM query using the [same query syntax as in the ASM Trace Explorer][3]. For example, create a query to monitor login successes from outside of the United States: `@appsec.security_activity:business_logic.users.login.success -@actor.ip_details.country.iso_code:US`.

> Optionally, define a unique count and signal grouping. Count the number of unique values observed for an attribute in a given timeframe. The defined group-by generates a signal for each group-by value. Typically, the group-by is an entity (like user, IP, and/or service). The group-by is also used to [join the queries together](#joining-queries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, define a unique count and signal grouping. Count the number of unique values observed for an attribute in a given timeframe. The defined group-by generates a signal for each group-by value. Typically, the group-by is an entity (like user, IP, or service). The group-by is also used to [join the queries together](#joining-queries).
```
